Editing the installing CLI (#933)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/dbt-cli/install/from-source.md

---
title: "Install dbt from source"
id: "from-source"

> description: ""

Author: ```suggestion
description: "You can install dbt Core from its GitHub code source."
```

---

> dbt Core and almost all of its adaptor plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. To do this, you can clone the repositories from GitHub, which makes a local copy, and then install the local version using `pip`.

Reviewer: We spell this as `adapter` almost everywhere else. We've [discussed this before](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C025NM6P1SL/p1626300345044300), haha

Author: D'oh!

> dbt Core and almost all of its adaptor plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. To do this, you can clone the repositories from GitHub, which makes a local copy, and then install the local version using `pip`.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Core and almost all of its adapter plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. To do this, you can clone the repositories from GitHub, which makes a local copy, and then install the local version using `pip`.
```

> dbt Core and almost all of its adapter plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. To do this, you can clone the repositories from GitHub, which makes a local copy, and then install the local version using `pip`.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Core and almost all of its adapter plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. You might install form source, if you want the latest code or want to install install dbt from a specific commit. This might be helpful when you are contributing changes, or if you want to debug a past change.

To download form source, you would clone the repositories from GitHub, making a local copy, and then install the local version using `pip`.
```

> You will also need download and build dbt Core if you'd like to contribute to the project by fixing a bug or implementing a sought-after feature. For more details, read the [core contributing guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Downloading and building dbt Core will enable you to contribute to the project by fixing a bug or implementing a sought-after feature. For more details, read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> Downloading and building dbt Core will enable you to contribute to the project by fixing a bug or implementing a sought-after feature. For more details, read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: 👍

### Installing dbt Core

> To install dbt from the GitHub source:

Author: ```suggestion
To install dbt from the GitHub code source:
```

> To install dbt from the GitHub code source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install `dbt-core` from the GitHub code source:
```

---
title: "Install dbt from source"
id: "from-source"
description: "You can install dbt Core from its GitHub code source."
---

> dbt Core and almost all of its adapter plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. You might install form source, if you want the latest code or want to install install dbt from a specific commit. This might be helpful when you are contributing changes, or if you want to debug a past change.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Core and almost all of its adapter plugins are open source software. As such, the codebases are freely available to download and build from source. You might install form source if you want the latest code or want to install dbt from a specific commit. This might be helpful when you are contributing changes, or if you want to debug a past change.
```

This will install `dbt-core` and `dbt-postgres`. To install in editable mode (includes your local changes as you make them), use `pip install -e editable-requirements.txt` instead.

### Installing adapter plugins

To install an adapter plugin from source, you will need to first locate its source repository. For instance, the `dbt-redshift` adapter is located at https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift.git, so I can clone it and install from there:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift.git
cd dbt-redshift
pip install .
```

> You do _not_ need to install `dbt-core` before installing an adapter plugin -- it includes `dbt-core` among its dependencies, and it will install the latest compatible version automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do _not_ need to install `dbt-core` before installing an adapter plugin -- the plugin includes `dbt-core` among its dependencies, and it will install the latest compatible version automatically.
```

This will install `dbt-core` and `dbt-postgres`. To install in editable mode (includes your local changes as you make them), use `pip install -e editable-requirements.txt` instead.

> ### Installing the adapter plugins

Author: ```suggestion
### Installing adapter plugins
```

> To install an adapter plugin from source, first locate its repository. For instance, the `dbt-redshift` adapter is located at https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift.git, so I can clone it and install from there:

Author: ```suggestion
To install an adapter plugin from source, you will need to first locate its source repository. For instance, the `dbt-redshift` adapter is located at https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-redshift.git, so I can clone it and install from there:
```
